/publish_news title: GW6 Review: ARTETANYAHUS STRATEGY PAYS OFF IN SEPTEMBER content: Ben Josiah's leadership at Artetanyahu during September was nothing short of exceptional, earning Josiah the prestigious Championship League V3 Manager of the Month award. The Artetanyahus boss's recent tactical genius has also drawn the attention of businessman Lord Alan Sugar, who said "What a bloody, bleeding good manager. Reminds me of myself when I was a younger man." Artetanyahu's superb tally of 9 points between Gameweeks 4 and 6 helped the side move from twelfth to first. Key players included popular Haaland (76 points) - but Artetanyahu academy product Gabriel (24 points) caught the eye in September as well. The nominees: Ben Josiah (9pts, 0 transfers made, current rank 1) Man Guy (9pts, 2 transfers made, current rank 7) Tim Davis (6pts, 0 transfers made, current rank 9) tags: Championship, GW-Review-2025/26 excerpt: Ben Josiah's leadership at Artetanyahu during September was nothing short of exceptional, earning Josiah the prestigious Championship League V3 Manager of the Month award. The Artetanyahus boss's recent tactical genius has also drawn the attention of businessman Lord Alan Sugar, who said "What a bloody, bleeding good manager. Reminds me of myself when I was a younger man." Artetanyahu's superb tally of 9 points between Gameweeks 4 and 6 helped the side move from twelfth to first. Key players included popular Haaland (76 points) - but Artetanyahu academy product Gabriel (24 points) caught the eye in September as well. The nominees: Ben Josiah (9pts, 0 transfers made, current rank 1) Man Guy (9pts, 2 transfers made, current rank 7) Tim Davis (6pts, 0 transfers made, current rank 9) image_url: /assets/scissors-solid-white.svg
/publish_news title: GW6 Review: FIRSTPLACEBELOW DEFENSIVE WORK-RATE REWARDED content: The FirstPlaceBelow summer rebuild seems to have shrewdly focussed on the new defensive contribution system, with William Okine's side racking up 24 "defcon" points over the last five gameweeks - the most in the league thanks to Andersen (10 points), Esteve (6 points), Ndiaye (4 points), Semenyo (2 points) and Pedro Porro (2 points). The average active Championship League V3 side collected 13 defensive contribution points over the same period, whilst Casey Manos's Hands managed just 6. tags: Championship, GW-Review-2025/26 excerpt: The FirstPlaceBelow summer rebuild seems to have shrewdly focussed on the new defensive contribution system, with William Okine's side racking up 24 "defcon" points over the last five gameweeks - the most in the league thanks to Andersen (10 points), Esteve (6 points), Ndiaye (4 points), Semenyo (2 points) and Pedro Porro (2 points). The average active Championship League V3 side collected 13 defensive contribution points over the same period, whilst Casey Manos's Hands managed just 6. image_url: /assets/scissors-solid-white.svg
/publish_news title: GW6 Review: DEPUTY WATKINS SHOWS TIGERS STRENGTH IN DEPTH content: The Tigers fans had reason to panic when their side’s teamsheet was announced this gameweek, with club captain Cole Palmer nowhere to be seen at kick-off. There was little need to worry, though, as Tigers’s deputy Ollie Watkins stepped up to deliver a strong 8-point performance. Cole who? tags: Championship, GW-Review-2025/26 excerpt: The Tigers fans had reason to panic when their side’s teamsheet was announced this gameweek, with club captain Cole Palmer nowhere to be seen at kick-off. There was little need to worry, though, as Tigers’s deputy Ollie Watkins stepped up to deliver a strong 8-point performance. Cole who? image_url: /assets/scissors-solid-white.svg
/publish_news title: GW6 Review: MANAGERLESS ARTETANYAHU OVERTAKE WIZARDS content: Like an abandoned space probe hurtling inexorably towards the Sun, it's easy to forget that managerless Artetanyahu do in fact still exist - something that Wizards fans became acutely aware of this gameweek when the Artetanyahus leapfrogged Aaron Frank's side in the Championship League V3 table. "It doesn't feel good," said supporter Lisa Monaghan. tags: Championship, GW-Review-2025/26 excerpt: Like an abandoned space probe hurtling inexorably towards the Sun, it's easy to forget that managerless Artetanyahu do in fact still exist - something that Wizards fans became acutely aware of this gameweek when the Artetanyahus leapfrogged Aaron Frank's side in the Championship League V3 table. "It doesn't feel good," said supporter Lisa Monaghan. image_url: /assets/scissors-solid-white.svg
