/publish_news title: GW6 Review: UPSETS PERFORMANCES REWARDED content: Fans and commentators took turns to lavish superlatives on Noni to Be Upset boss Joel Mathew, with the Upsets boss yesterday confirmed as Fantasy Premier League V5 Manager of the Month for September. In unusually glowing praise, Jonathan Liew compared Mathew to "Magnus Carlsen crossed with Boudica crossed with Paul the Octopus." Noni to Be Upset's fantastic tally of 9 points between Gameweeks 4 and 6 helped the side move from seventeenth to seventh.Gabriel (24 points) was a key differential, whilst senior players like Haaland (67 points) and Semenyo (30 points) also performed well for Mathew in September. Mathew made use of the wildcard chip in September. The nominees: Joel Mathew (9pts, 0 transfers made, current rank 7) Ryan Gallagher (9pts, 2 transfers made, current rank 2) Chandler Ashman (9pts, 2 transfers made, current rank 1) tags: Premier, GW-Review-2025/26 excerpt: Fans and commentators took turns to lavish superlatives on Noni to Be Upset boss Joel Mathew, with the Upsets boss yesterday confirmed as Fantasy Premier League V5 Manager of the Month for September. In unusually glowing praise, Jonathan Liew compared Mathew to "Magnus Carlsen crossed with Boudica crossed with Paul the Octopus." Noni to Be Upset's fantastic tally of 9 points between Gameweeks 4 and 6 helped the side move from seventeenth to seventh.Gabriel (24 points) was a key differential, whilst senior players like Haaland (67 points) and Semenyo (30 points) also performed well for Mathew in September. Mathew made use of the wildcard chip in September. The nominees: Joel Mathew (9pts, 0 transfers made, current rank 7) Ryan Gallagher (9pts, 2 transfers made, current rank 2) Chandler Ashman (9pts, 2 transfers made, current rank 1) image_url: /assets/scissors-solid-white.svg
/publish_news title: GW6 Review: IS LING FAILING TO ADAPT TO DEFENSIVE CONTRIBUTION? content: Peaky Reijnders's disappointing start to the new season continues to be a major talking point, with pundits noting that Marvin Ling's side has collected just 6 of the new "defensive contribution" points over the last five gameweeks - the fewest in the league. "It's not 2024 any more" said Jamie Redknapp. "You look at Pep Guardiola, Ryan Gallagher - the best managers are always moving, they're able to adapt." Siuuuuuu Later's 28 defensive contribution points is the most over the same period, thanks to Senesi (6 points), Virgil (6 points), Guehi (4 points), Tarkowski (4 points) and Semenyo (2 points). tags: Premier, GW-Review-2025/26 excerpt: Peaky Reijnders's disappointing start to the new season continues to be a major talking point, with pundits noting that Marvin Ling's side has collected just 6 of the new "defensive contribution" points over the last five gameweeks - the fewest in the league. "It's not 2024 any more" said Jamie Redknapp. "You look at Pep Guardiola, Ryan Gallagher - the best managers are always moving, they're able to adapt." Siuuuuuu Later's 28 defensive contribution points is the most over the same period, thanks to Senesi (6 points), Virgil (6 points), Guehi (4 points), Tarkowski (4 points) and Semenyo (2 points). image_url: /assets/scissors-solid-white.svg
/publish_news title: GW6 Review: PARTYS WILDCARD "A THING OF BEAUTY" content: Lamine Yamal Party witnessed a renaissance this week, with Hanson Xia's ten new wildcard players absolutely transforming the team. The squad scored 45 more points than the old Partys squad would have done and Omar Alderete emerged as the star, contributing 17 points alone. "A tactical triumph" said Karen Brady. tags: Premier, GW-Review-2025/26 excerpt: Lamine Yamal Party witnessed a renaissance this week, with Hanson Xia's ten new wildcard players absolutely transforming the team. The squad scored 45 more points than the old Partys squad would have done and Omar Alderete emerged as the star, contributing 17 points alone. "A tactical triumph" said Karen Brady. image_url: /assets/scissors-solid-white.svg
/publish_news title: GW6 Review: KHAN TIMES LIVRAMENTO SUB TO PERFECTION content: When's it possible to claim a clean sheet despite conceding? When you're Tino Livramento, that's when. Third-placed Cheeks FC manager Rehan Khan smartly subbed the defender after just 76 minutes, just before the side conceded - and secured valuable clean sheet points in the process. Khan's side recorded a routine 26-point win over Linden Eberle's Peps Lads this week. tags: Premier, GW-Review-2025/26 excerpt: When's it possible to claim a clean sheet despite conceding? When you're Tino Livramento, that's when. Third-placed Cheeks FC manager Rehan Khan smartly subbed the defender after just 76 minutes, just before the side conceded - and secured valuable clean sheet points in the process. Khan's side recorded a routine 26-point win over Linden Eberle's Peps Lads this week. image_url: /assets/scissors-solid-white.svg
