/publish_news title: Review: Disclaimer content: FPL Mundo is written in the style of a spoof/parody newspaper/commentary describing a fictional fantasy world and is intended for entertainment purposes only. FPL Mundo is unofficial and is not affiliated with any media company, team or sporting organisation. We do not guarantee the accuracy of any of the statistics or any content provided (in fact, quite a bit of it is made up!) We were careful to use images that we understood to be available for reuse and remixing via creative commons licenses or similar, but please get in touch if you created the image and would prefer us not to use it and we will of course remove it - hello@fplmundo.com. tags: Premier, GW-Review-2025/26 excerpt: FPL Mundo is written in the style of a spoof/parody newspaper/commentary describing a fictional fantasy world and is intended for entertainment purposes only. FPL Mundo is unofficial and is not affiliated with any media company, team or sporting organisation. We do not guarantee the accuracy of any of the statistics or any content provided (in fact, quite a bit of it is made up!) We were careful to use images that we understood to be available for reuse and remixing via creative commons licenses or similar, but please get in touch if you created the image and would prefer us not to use it and we will of course remove it - hello@fplmundo.com. image_url: 
/publish_news title: Review: Other Terms and Privacy content: We may use cookies to store things like your league number on your browser so that your browser remembers it later. We will use a cookie so that your browser remembers that you have consented to these terms. We may use Google Analytics or similar tools to monitor traffic and usage and this could involve the uses of cookies. When an FPL league ID is entered we collect, process and store some of the data relating to that league and the teams in it. The data is collected soley from the publicly available official FPL website/API. By using the website you agree not to use it in any way that causes or may cause damage, impair the availability or accessibility of the website, or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful to anybody. FPL Mundo reserves all rights to the content it creates and my writing should not be copied without authorisation or used to train AI models. tags: Premier, GW-Review-2025/26 excerpt: We may use cookies to store things like your league number on your browser so that your browser remembers it later. We will use a cookie so that your browser remembers that you have consented to these terms. We may use Google Analytics or similar tools to monitor traffic and usage and this could involve the uses of cookies. When an FPL league ID is entered we collect, process and store some of the data relating to that league and the teams in it. The data is collected soley from the publicly available official FPL website/API. By using the website you agree not to use it in any way that causes or may cause damage, impair the availability or accessibility of the website, or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful to anybody. FPL Mundo reserves all rights to the content it creates and my writing should not be copied without authorisation or used to train AI models. image_url: 
